OPINION ON THIS. AND I THINK CATTY’S POINT IS
AND I THINK CATTY’S POINT IS EXACTLY RIGHT ON THIS.
EXACTLY RIGHT ON THIS. >> THAT EVIDENCE SHIFT, THAT
>> THAT EVIDENCE SHIFT, THAT SHIFT IN NADLER THAT WE’RE
SHIFT IN NADLER THAT WE’RE TALKING ABOUT COULD COME FROM
TALKING ABOUT COULD COME FROM THIS COULD BE THE WOOK WHERE WE
THIS COULD BE THE WOOK WHERE WE FINALLY LEARN HOW LONG-TIME
FINALLY LEARN HOW LONG-TIME TRUMP ALLY ROGER STONE WILL GET
TRUMP ALLY ROGER STONE WILL GET A TRIAL DATE, WHICH COULD PUT A
A TRIAL DATE, WHICH COULD PUT A TIMELINE ON WHEN THE PUBLIC WILL
TIMELINE ON WHEN THE PUBLIC WILL LEARN MORE ABOUT HIS ALLEGED
LEARN MORE ABOUT HIS ALLEGED CONTACTS WITH WIKILEAKS.
CONTACTS WITH WIKILEAKS. STATUS REPORTS ARE DUE FROM
STATUS REPORTS ARE DUE FROM MICHAEL FLYNN AND RICK GATES,
MICHAEL FLYNN AND RICK GATES, TWO OF MUELLER’S BIGGEST
TWO OF MUELLER’S BIGGEST COOPERATORS.
COOPERATORS. THOSE REPORTS COULD SIGNAL
THOSE REPORTS COULD SIGNAL WHETHER THE SPECIAL COUNSEL HAS
WHETHER THE SPECIAL COUNSEL HAS TAPPED TEM FOR ALL THE
TAPPED TEM FOR ALL THE INFORMATION INVESTIGATORS NEED.
INFORMATION INVESTIGATORS NEED. THIS WEEK MIGHT EVEN INCLUDE
THIS WEEK MIGHT EVEN INCLUDE ATTORNEY GENERAL WILLIAM BARR,
ATTORNEY GENERAL WILLIAM BARR, ANNOUNCING THAT MUELLER HAS
ANNOUNCING THAT MUELLER HAS COMPLETED AND THESE EVENTS COULD
COMPLETED AND THESE EVENTS COULD DECIDE WHETHER DEMOCRATS SHOULD
DECIDE WHETHER DEMOCRATS SHOULD LAUNCH IMWHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT
LAUNCH IMWHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT THAT IS THE MOST SIGNIFICANT
THAT IS THE MOST SIGNIFICANT PART OF THE INVESTIGATION TO
PART OF THE INVESTIGATION TO FOLLOW, ESPECIALLY AS NANCY
FOLLOW, ESPECIALLY AS NANCY PELOSI PULLS BACK ON A MACK ROW
PELOSI PULLS BACK ON A MACK ROW LEVEL AND SAYS EVERYBODY WAIT.
LEVEL AND SAYS EVERYBODY WAIT. >> THE MOST IMPORTANT THING THIS
>> THE MOST IMPORTANT THING THIS WEEK WILL BE THE MANAFORT SENSE
WEEK WILL BE THE MANAFORT SENSE TENSING IN THE D.C. CASE.
TENSING IN THE D.C. CASE. HE COULD HE’S LOOKING AT A
HE COULD HE’S LOOKING AT A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT TOOP I THINK
SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT TOOP I THINK HE’LL PROBABLY GET BETWEEN NINE
HE’LL PROBABLY GET BETWEEN NINE AND TEN YEARS.
AND TEN YEARS. A 69-YEAR-OLD MAN IS A
A 69-YEAR-OLD MAN IS A SIGNIFICANT PRISON SENTENCE.
SIGNIFICANT PRISON SENTENCE. THERE ARE OTHER STATUS UPDATES.
THERE ARE OTHER STATUS UPDATES. I THINK MUELLER IS CLOSE TO
I THINK MUELLER IS CLOSE TO PUTTING IT OUT --
PUTTING IT OUT -- >> WE’VE HEARD THIS BEFORE.
>> WE’VE HEARD THIS BEFORE. WE’VE HEARD IT A MILLION TIMES.
WE’VE HEARD IT A MILLION TIMES. >> WE HAVE YET TO I COULD SEE
>> WE HAVE YET TO I COULD SEE THEM TELEGRAPHING WHEN A REPORT
THEM TELEGRAPHING WHEN A REPORT MIGHT BE GUN, IS THAT UNLESS BOB
MIGHT BE GUN, IS THAT UNLESS BOB MUELLER HAS A WHOLE CARD THAT HE
MUELLER HAS A WHOLE CARD THAT HE HASN’T TURNED OVER IN THIS DECK,
HASN’T TURNED OVER IN THIS DECK, WE’VE SEEN A LOT OF THE CARDS
WE’VE SEEN A LOT OF THE CARDS TURNED AND THERE HAVE BEEN SOME
TURNED AND THERE HAVE BEEN SOME IMPRESSIVE ONES BUT WE HAVEN’T
IMPRESSIVE ONES BUT WE HAVEN’T SEEN THE CARD THAT’S A
SEEN THE CARD THAT’S A CONSPIRACY BETWEEN RUSSIAN
CONSPIRACY BETWEEN RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE OPERATIVES AND THE
INTELLIGENCE OPERATIVES AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
TRUMP CAMPAIGN. WE’VE SEEN LITTLE BITS OF LOWER
WE’VE SEEN LITTLE BITS OF LOWER LEVEL PEOPLE BUT NOT WHAT YOU’D
LEVEL PEOPLE BUT NOT WHAT YOU’D CALL A FULL-THROATED CONSPIRACY.
CALL A FULL-THROATED CONSPIRACY. I THINK WE’RE GOING TO END UP
I THINK WE’RE GOING TO END UP WITH A REPORT THAT WE PRETTY
WITH A REPORT THAT WE PRETTY MUCH EXPECT, MORE ABOUT
MUCH EXPECT, MORE ABOUT REPUBLICANS AND LESS ABOUT
REPUBLICANS AND LESS ABOUT COLLUSION THAN MANY DEMOCRATS
COLLUSION THAN MANY DEMOCRATS THINK.
THINK. I THINK THAT WOULD BE HE’S LIKE
I THINK THAT WOULD BE HE’S LIKE A SHARK.
A SHARK. YOU DON’T SEE HIM UNTIL A FIN
YOU DON’T SEE HIM UNTIL A FIN BREAKS
BREAKS BREAKS.
BREAKS. >> WHAT WE DON’T KNOW IS IN
>> WHAT WE DON’T KNOW IS IN THERE EVEN THOUGH THERE IS NO
THERE EVEN THOUGH THERE IS NO THE THAT SILVER BULLET OF
THE THAT SILVER BULLET OF CONCLUSION, AT THAT POINT THE
CONCLUSION, AT THAT POINT THE MUELLER PROBABLY TAKESON A DCHB
MUELLER PROBABLY TAKESON A DCHB IT’S LIKE EVERYONE’S WAITING FOR
IT’S LIKE EVERYONE’S WAITING FOR MUELLER.
MUELLER. I PRNLY BUT WHAT AS WE’RE LIKE
I PRNLY BUT WHAT AS WE’RE LIKE WHAT’S NEXT?
WHAT’S NEXT? WHAT COULD BE NEXT?
WHAT COULD BE NEXT? >> AND IN ONLY TWO YEARS, BOB
>> AND IN ONLY TWO YEARS, BOB MUELLER HAS BEEN WORKING
MUELLER HAS BEEN WORKING EXPEDITIOUSLY AND VERY
EXPEDITIOUSLY AND VERY EFFICIENTLY AND HE’S TAKEN DOWN
EFFICIENTLY AND HE’S TAKEN DOWN THE CHAIRMAN AND THE DEPUTY
THE CHAIRMAN AND THE DEPUTY CHAIRMAN AND NATIONAL SECURED
CHAIRMAN AND NATIONAL SECURED AND WHAT THE RUSSIANS DID WAS
AND WHAT THE RUSSIANS DID WAS THEY TELEGRAPHED TO THE TRUMP
THEY TELEGRAPHED TO THE TRUMP TEAM, WE’RE HELPING YOU, WE’RE
TEAM, WE’RE HELPING YOU, WE’RE ALL IN FOR YOU.
ALL IN FOR YOU. AND BY THE WAY WE HAVE LEVERAGE
AND BY THE WAY WE HAVE LEVERAGE OVER YOU AND FOR SOMEHOW HIM
OVER YOU AND FOR SOMEHOW HIM BEING BEHOLDEN TO THE TRUMP
BEING BEHOLDEN TO THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, WHEREAS AMERICA
ADMINISTRATION, WHEREAS AMERICA HAS LEVERAGED.
HAS LEVERAGED. THAT IS THE BIGGEST INTEREST
THAT IS THE BIGGEST INTEREST FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF NATIONAL
FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF NATIONAL INTEREST AND WHETHER THERE WERE
INTEREST AND WHETHER THERE WERE DISCUSSIONS COULD BE IN AND OF
DISCUSSIONS COULD BE IN AND OF CONSIDERS RUSSIAN MEDALING AND I
CONSIDERS RUSSIAN MEDALING AND I THINK FOR THE FIRST TIME
THINK FOR THE FIRST TIME EVERYONE THOUGHT, WAIT, IF HE
EVERYONE THOUGHT, WAIT, IF HE MEDDLE THAT MEANS HE’S CARRYING
MEDDLE THAT MEANS HE’S CARRYING OUT THAT THERE WAS SOMEONE FROM
OUT THAT THERE WAS SOMEONE FROM THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WHO WAS
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WHO WAS DIRECTING THE COMMUNICATION
DIRECTING THE COMMUNICATION BETWEEN ROGER STONE AND JULY
BETWEEN ROGER STONE AND JULY WANT ASNGS FIGURE OUT WHAT THE
WANT ASNGS FIGURE OUT WHAT THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WAS DOING AND
TRUMP CAMPAIGN WAS DOING AND WHAT THEIR CONNECTION IS TO ALL
WHAT THEIR CONNECTION IS TO ALL THAT, THAT COULD BE TRE HAVING
THAT, THAT COULD BE TRE HAVING AS WELL.
AS WELL. >> THE QUESTION IS IF THE BAR IS
>> THE QUESTION IS IF THE BAR IS HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS.
HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS. >> HOW HIGH DOES IT THAT’S DFB
>> HOW HIGH DOES IT THAT’S DFB WHAT DO 67 SENATORS THINK IS
WHAT DO 67 SENATORS THINK IS HIGH CRIMES?
HIGH CRIMES? DOSE THE LEVEL?
DOSE THE LEVEL? YESTERDAY SHE FACED QUESTIONS
YESTERDAY SHE FACED QUESTIONS OVER WHETHER TRUMP THINKS
OVER WHETHER TRUMP THINKS DEMOCRATS HAYES YUSH PEOPLE.
DEMOCRATS HAYES YUSH PEOPLE. THAT FOLLOWED AN ACTIONIO REMARK
THAT FOLLOWED AN ACTIONIO REMARK OVER THE WEEKEND DURING AT
OVER THE WEEKEND DURING AT REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION
REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION FUND-RAISER AT HIS MAR-A-LAGO
FUND-RAISER AT HIS MAR-A-LAGO CLUB.
CLUB. >> Reporter: YES OR NO, DOES THE
>> Reporter: YES OR NO, DOES THE PRESIDENT TRULY BELIEVE THAT
PRESIDENT TRULY BELIEVE THAT DEMOCRATS HATE JU IN.
DEMOCRATS HATE JU IN. >> DOES HE THINK DEMOCRATS HATE
>> DOES HE THINK DEMOCRATS HATE RNG.
RNG. >> I THINK THEY’VE HAD A LOT OF
>> I THINK THEY’VE HAD A LOT OF OPPORTUNITIES OVER THE LAST FEW
OPPORTUNITIES OVER THE LAST FEW WEEKS.
WEEKS. I’M TRYING TO ANSWER IF YOU’LL
I’M TRYING TO ANSWER IF YOU’LL STOP TALKING, I’LL FIN SINCE
STOP TALKING, I’LL FIN SINCE THEY’RE UNWILLING TO CALL THIS
THEY’RE UNWILLING TO CALL THIS WHAT IT IS.
WHAT IT IS. >> JONATHAN SWANN, YOU’VE GOT
>> JONATHAN SWANN, YOU’VE GOT REPORTING ON THIS.
REPORTING ON THIS. I FIND IT’S HARD TO WATCH.
I FIND IT’S HARD TO WATCH. I GUESS IT’S GOOD WE’VE GOT A
I GUESS IT’S GOOD WE’VE GOT A DAILY BRIEFING.
DAILY BRIEFING. .
. BUT, YOU KNOW, TO ME THE IS
BUT, YOU KNOW, TO ME THE IS THROUGH SPOKEPEOPLE LIKE THAT
THROUGH SPOKEPEOPLE LIKE THAT AND OTHERS.
AND OTHERS. THE
THE RACISM AND ALL SORTS OF THINGS,
RACISM AND ALL SORTS OF THINGS, BIGOTRY.
BIGOTRY. IF ONE DOES NO COMPANY BECAUSE
IF ONE DOES NO COMPANY BECAUSE HE’S TAPPING IN TO SOMETHING.
HE’S TAPPING IN TO SOMETHING. >> HE’S TRYING TO USE THE
>> HE’S TRYING TO USE THE SITUATION TO OVERCOME WHAT HAS
SITUATION TO OVERCOME WHAT HAS BEEN A LONG RUNNING PLK -- AND
BEEN A LONG RUNNING PLK -- AND PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS BEEN MOVING
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS BEEN MOVING TOWARD THIS THE LAST FEW DAYS
TOWARD THIS THE LAST FEW DAYS BUT THESE WERE PRIVATE COMMENTS.
BUT THESE WERE PRIVATE COMMENTS. THEY WENT TO SOME LENGTHS TO
THEY WENT TO SOME LENGTHS TO MAKE SURE IT WOULDN’T LEAK OUT.
MAKE SURE IT WOULDN’T LEAK OUT. THEY MADE PEOPLE AT MAR-A-LAGO
THEY MADE PEOPLE AT MAR-A-LAGO PUT THEIR CELL PHONES IN THESE
PUT THEIR CELL PHONES IN THESE MAGNETIZED POUCHES.
MAGNETIZED POUCHES. I HAVE CONFIRMED IT FROM PEOPLE
I HAVE CONFIRMED IT FROM PEOPLE WHO WERE THERE.
WHO WERE THERE. PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID THE PHRASE
PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID THE PHRASE IDENTITY DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH
IDENTITY DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE."
PEOPLE." HE ALSO WENT ON TO BOAST ABOUT
HE ALSO WENT ON TO BOAST ABOUT HIS OWN PAP LART IN.
HIS OWN PAP LART IN. >> JONATHAN SWANN, THANK YOU
>> JONATHAN SWANN, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
VERY MUCH. FOR YOUR REPORTING.
FOR YOUR REPORTING. AND STILL AHEAD ON "MORNING JOE"
AND STILL AHEAD ON "MORNING JOE" DICK CHENEY CALLS OUT MIKE PENCE
DICK CHENEY CALLS OUT MIKE PENCE RIGHT TO HIS FENCE.
RIGHT TO HIS FENCE. THEIR ONE-ON-ONE THOUGH.